# Ágora Social Network
This is a Full Stack project, created with the MERN stack, with the goal of being a universal template for internal social networks. Ágora can be used, for instance, by company departments or by teachers with their classrooms.

## The meaning of the name

"Ágora" is the name of a type of building in Ancient Greece, and it had a similar role that parks and squares have nowadays: a beatiful place built  for gathering purposes.


# General Information

|   |   |
|---|---|
|Starter| Made from scratch|
|Bundler|Webpack|
|Framework|React-JS|
|Components library|Material-UI|
|Backend Server| Express.js| 
|Styling|MUI default|
|Demo|https://agora-social.herokuapp.com/|
|License| GPL 3|

## Features
It offers a timeline for posts, which can have pictures and receive comments and likes, a profile page that shows the user's posts, a list of people the user follows and a list of followers.


## Backend Information


### **About index.html**

Instead of serving a static `index.html`, a dynamic one is generated by the server with the module `template.js` and server side rendering.

### **About sensible data**

The module `/config/config.js` expects the existence of the following environment variables:
1. MONGO_USER
1. MONGO_PASSWORD
1. MONGO_URI
1. MONGO_DEFAULT_DB
1. PORT
1. JWT_SECRET

Variables 1 to 4 are required by the module `mongoose` to connect to a MongoDB server, be it local or in the MongoDB Atlas cloud, like the above demonstration page. The last variable is to generate singular hashs for the jwt authentication tokens.

### **API**
This project uses the Restful API system, and the points setup can be found in the modules of the `/server/routes` folder.

## Frontent Information

### React and Material UI
Frontend is modeled considering React and MUI standard with priority given to the Dark Mode styling, and it was made according to design standards found [here](https://www.material.io/design/color/dark-theme.html).
